10315 Machinarium

时间限制:1000MS  内存限制:65535K
提交次数:0 通过次数:0

题型: 编程题   语言: 无限制
Description

Machinarium is a very interesting game which requests the player has high intelligence and good patience. CW is playing 
this game now, but he is being trapped at the last mission, can you help him, please?


In this level, CW will compete with the NPC in a building, which contains n+1 rooms from left to right, and one of the 
room is target room. There is a door between each pair of adjacent rooms. Each door has one kind of color. Initially,
 every door is closed when the game starts, and CW is in room 0 while NPC is in room n. CW and NPC alternate turns to
 choose a color which hasn't been chosen to make the doors with this chosen color open. At this point, the player who 
can go through these open doors and reach the target room firstly by walking(time of walking in the building won't be 
added to the total time) wins this game. If both players reach the target room at the same time, the game ends in a draw.
 The game continues until one of the players wins the game or both players get a draw. Each player must comply with the
 following rules:
1.	If there is a plan which can make you reach the target room earlier than your competitor, you should choose the
 best plan to make the game end as early as possible, and this means the total number of chosen colors should be as 
few as possible.
2.	If you have to lose the game, you should leave the choose colors as many as possible for your competitor. 
It means that the game will end as late as possible. What's more, it's your competitor aims that to minimize the total 
number of chosen colors.
3.	If you can just get a draw game at any case, you will choose a kind of color at random.




输入格式

The first line of input is an integer T (T <= 50), indicate the number of test cases. Each test contains two lines. 
The first line is a string meaning the color of each door. The strings are represented by upper letter ‘A'  to‘P'.
 Number of doors is between 2 and 50, including 2 and 50. The i-th character in string means the color of the door 
between rooms i and i+1. The second line of input is an integer X to show the index of the target room.


输出格式

Each test case output one line contains one integer. If the game ends in a draw, output 0; otherwise, define Y as 
the total number of chosen colors. If CW wins the game, output Y, else output CY.


输入样例

6
ABCD
2
ABCC
2
ABABAB
3
ABAPDCAA
5
MOCFDCE
3
ABCCDE
3


输出样例

3
-2
0
-4
5
0


提示

In the first case, there are 5 rooms, with the target room in the middle of rooms; CW will win after he chooses color A and B.
In the second case, NPC will win by choosing color C.
In the third case, both players will be able to reach target room when color A and B have been chosen.

