
6757 Busy Shopping

时间限制:1119MS  内存限制:1000K
提交次数:38 通过次数:19

题型: 编程题   语言: 无限制
Description

Beijing Road is one of most famous shopping streets in Guangzhou, the Capital of Guangdong province. There are a lot of shops. Some of them sell shoes, some sell clothes, some sell food …

Now, Mr. Chen is going to Beijing Road for shopping. He has a lot of things need to buy. As everyone known, Mr. Chen is busy man. So he want spend less time as possible for shopping. Let’s suppose that the shops in Beijing Road are arranged in a straight line, one by one. Mr. Chen can choose a shop as the beginning. Then he can move to the next nearby shop one by one. Every shop has a code which represented what kind of products the shop sells. Now, Given the codes of all shops and the codes of the products which Mr. Chen need, can you tell Mr. Chen how many shops he would pass by(or enter) at least if he get all products he need. (Suppose that Mr. Chen can find all products he need in Beijing Road) 


输入格式

The input consists of T test cases. The number of test cases (T ) is given in the first line. Each test case begins with a line containing two integer N,M , 1<=M<=N<= 100000, N represents the number of shops in the road, and M represents the number of products Mr. Chen need. Then, One of the next two lines contains N positive integers C[I], 0<=I<N, C[I] representing the code of the I-th shop. The other line contains M positive integers D[J], 0<=J&lt;M, D[J] representing the code of the J-th product which Mr. Chen need. From the 5th line, the remaining test cases are listed.


输出格式

For each case, output the number of shops which Mr. Chen would pass by(or enter) at least.


输入样例

2
4 2
3 8 2 3
3 2
6 3
1 4 5 4 3 1
1 3 5


输出样例

2
4


提示

Hint:
Look at the sample input above. The first line is 2, means that there are two cases. The next 3 lines belong the case No.1. The 5th-7th lines belong the case No.2.
In the case 1, the answer is 2 because the short path is 2 3, which begin from No.3 shop and end at No.4 shop. In the case 2, the answer is 4 because the short path is 5 4 3 1, which begin from No.3 shop and end at No.6 shop.


来源

By Checkie 